that's all you do y / manners oh you
scared I have to put your passage look
at your pack rating as well I better
food jail with the movie gala we are
still don't even know like basically you
Matt Matt ap you have is equal to your
manner and like a third of it doesn't
come in really yes that's why you just
stack manner that manner like 50 steps
tax dollar in it that's I'm here the
only you think you are coming in sir
martin and Charlie me yeah bitch let's
go let's go let's go let's go okay maybe
that watch or a tail I would attend to
right here no there is a pen to write
here I know I'm gonna give it to you
oh my god i thought you gonna die come
to you what steals pensions
Oh
you would have died you died
I'm
there you can be the grade